[Music]
nobody knows why it happens but when you
make strange noises here seabirds fall
from the sky I'm on Lord Howe Island a
tiny speck of land 300 miles off the
east coast of Australia human beings
only got here little over 200 years ago
and it seems that the birds that nest
here are still quite curious to see
what's going on and these birds were
succumbing to these calls our Providence
petrels skilled in the air they may be
but they're certainly clumsy and
ungainly on land and when they do come
down they squabble and wrestle furiously
with one another perhaps they're arguing
about who should have which patch for a
nest hole but they are still
extraordinarily friendly towards human
beings
and amazingly very touchingly people
stay here on my hand in a very trusting
way it gives me a chance to look at this
structure at the base of his beak it has
a tube nose and that structure which he
shares with a number of other
ocean-going birds we've absolutely
crucial to their survival out on the
open ocean and again
[Music]
you